then he brought me out into the outer
court by the way toward the north and he
brought me into the chamber which was
opposite the separating courtyard and
which was opposite the building toward
the north facing the length which was
100 cubits the width was 50 cubits was
the north door opposite the inner court
of 20 cubits and opposite the pavement
of the outer court was Gallery against
gallery and three storeys in front of
the chambers toward the inside was a
walk 10 cubits wide at a distance of one
cubit and their doors faced north now
the upper chambers were shorter because
the galleries took away space from them
more than from the lower and middle
stories of the building while they were
in three storeys and did not have
pillars like the pillars of the courts
therefore the upper level was shortened
more than the lower and middle levels
from the ground up and a wall which was
outside ran parallel to the chambers at
the front of the chambers toward the
outer court its length was 50 cubits the
length of the chambers toward the outer
Court was 50 cubits for as that facing
the temple was 100 cubits at the lower
chambers was the entrance on the east
side as one goes into them from the
outer court also there were chambers in
the thickness of the wall of the court
for the east opposite the separating
courtyard and opposite the building
there was a walk in front of them also
and their appearance was like the
chambers which were toward the north
they were as long and as wide as the
others and all their exits and entrances
were according to plan and corresponding
to the doors of the chambers that were
facing south as one enters them there
was a door in front of the walk the way
directly in front of the wall toward the
east
then he said to me the North chambers
and the South chambers which are
opposite the separating courtyard are
the holy chambers where the priests who
approach the Lord shall eat the most
holy offerings there they shall lay the
most holy offerings the grain offering
the sin offering and the trespass
offering for the place is holy when the
priests enter them they shall not go out
of the holy chamber into the outer court
but there they shall leave their
garments in which they minister for they
are holy they shall put on other
garments then they may approach that
which is for the people now when he had
finished measuring the inner temple he
brought me out through the Gateway that
faces toward the east and measured it
all around he measured the east side
with the measuring rod five hundred rods
by the measuring rod all around he
measured the north side five hundred
rods by the measuring rod all around he
measured the south side
five hundred rods by the measuring rod
he came around to the west side and
measured five hundred rods by the
measuring rod he measured it on the four
sides it had a wall all around five
hundred cubits long and five hundred
wide to separate the holy areas from the
common
you
[Music]